fans of the bwin series a
cordial greeting from giampiero foglia
manzillo at the san nicola si stadium
closes the tithing program
day with the delay between bari e
brescia
the four red and four successes in
four internal tenders want to continue
the winning streak after the defeat
in the house of juve stabia in front of the
swallows of heat in search of
immediate redemption after the defeat of
novara
referee the dino tommasi budel competition on
its control the launch in depth the
claiton head touch the conclusion
of lasik polenta in the corner
the beatles corner beat on Saturday
beautiful house right on the feet of daprelà
the 1 to 0 goal for Brescia
the second marking in the league for
fabio daprelà brescia 1 bari 0
caputo the control on the short side the
suggestion for galano download the
left-handed from the 18-meter ball on the bottom
galano the ball inside to look
romizi bellomo now tries with the
left-handed and arcari fists to drive away
the threat on Nicola's shot
the corner of bellomo reentering arcari
on the goal line succeeds in
remove some protest but the
Brescia goalkeeper saves on the line
the sensational launch of caracciolo
opportunity for big closure flakes
of lamanna regular position e
very good the goalkeeper of Bari a
close the mirror
the caputo action tries with the left
a good arcari around to close in the corner
caracciolo but for horizontal lines
exceeds romizi then claiton caracciolo dai
25 sensational cross of the heron
caracciolo for stovini the touch for
zambellis the free with the right ball
off the eight opportunities for the
captain sabelli exceeds balloon scale
in galano check with left-handed
cross paradise
who
and Rome
beijing
saba for central budel for lasik choirs
the right the conclusion was parried was the
manna
the postponement of very long red archers
free regular position for him to enter
in the area against the manna once again
the miracle of the goalkeeper of the bar that
save the result
Saba short touch caracciolo tries
balloon out
short exchange caputo bellomo we try from
ball midfield a little high
Iunco
in the area the podium for caputo is wrong
everything still tries to save on
line
the double opportunity for the sensational
captain of the bari caracciolo his
cross the head of corvia balloon wide
albadoro bellomo the short exchange col
I understood his area of ​​rigor
left-handed wide ball reaches the triple
whistle of tommasi al san nicola ends
1 to 1 between bari and brescia